he's just dying to get out of the way
right now
driving along with Denny Hamlin bump
breath in the 19 of Elliott Sadler
trying to push him by and the a car
showing smoke the engine the engine was
a bit looser
another deaky guy Richard Childress
engine that they don't go got car that
died outside their cops was out here
they're just gonna have to clean this
mess up make sure there's nothing on the
racetrack three of the chef's big
Chevrolet teams day today with the same
engine partnership having problems this
has got to be killing Richard Childress
right now
they'll earn our junior the third of the
seven cars that have the same engine
combination we're told is there some
potential damage on the 24 car from
whatever one was trying to blow up
behind that eight car with the engine
problem
White's out of your screen and look at
that no real compacted drab really tight
the draft Indians are really singing
right now big RPMs in this tight drown
well when this happens that motor just
stops running and now these guys have to
find somewhere to go and look at Michael
Waltrip he's totally blind and he
finally gets some vision he gets around
outside of Dale jr. let's take a look
for the impart board of Michael Lawson
what it looks like it was the 44 car
that got the damage not 224 spotters
were saying there's damage on a car and
here it is Dale Jarrett who was just
trying to ride back there and stay out
of trouble to be able to make his move
with this Toyota which has been very
strong biding his time and it just it
wasn't meant to be and he was doing a
great job doing that he was 20th when
I've glanced glance the Dale jr. Dale
Jarrett staying out of the way right
there riding along doing what he had to
do it gets caught up in his misfortune
here six DNF due to engine problems for
Dale Earnhardt jr. into 2007 fourth in
the last 11 races and that kind of
problem is what the reason he's not in
the chase because he's otherwise he's
run very very well this one is a
heartbreaker for that team because this
was one race that they felt so confident
coming in and to have that engine
problem no has got to be really
disheartening yeah last race for Tony
Eury jr. at this track with the Dei team
now he's moving over to Hendrick
and you've got to feel bad for Dale jr.
because Jerry you hit it on the head if
you wouldn't have these engine problems
he'd have been to the chase for the
championship he might even be leading
the points right now is every time I
look at that cards in the top five Dale
Jarrett who is won twice here hoping to
get a chance to maybe go to victory
lling today his day comes up short here
come the Budweiser guys now they know
they're Leath losing their leader after
today Tony Eury jr. you just mentioned
the cousin and crew chief longtime
cousin of that crew chief should say for
Dale Earnhardt jr. going over to
Hendrick Motorsports after this weekend
they're the Lapps Jeff Burton the first
victim Martin Truex and lit the latest
of course Dale Earnhardt jr. still four
more cars on the track with the same
engine package that's Harvick Boyer
Menard and aric Almirola
they'll out of the car surveying the
damage trying to catch his breath after
hanging on for 137 laps the pits will be
open here we are 51 laps away from the
checkered flag pit stops become the
business on pit road here and with Dale
Earnhardt jr. now who is managing a
smile I know it must be tough though
because this is a place you could win
this is the worst thing that's gonna
happen I mean we we had a good good day
we're all one piece and you know we've
had a string motor space today
with 31 in the one but you know they
built they built good stuff we test it
down here we all work really hard
together and tried to bring a good
package I'm who's really really proud of
all that effort you know our car ran
today and proud of my team we had a good
car with a at Sun we got the people on
their feet and I was hoping they waited
I thought like a winter so you got to be
around to you we just had some tough
look but I'm a little you know more
concerned enough I feel really really
bad for Martin because they got a great
team for win his chairmanship hurt worse
actually seeing his motor break but yeah
I'll talk about the day junior just in
terms of racing that car on this track
that looked like you had a headline hey
yeah I don't let y'all think you know
riding a good to really know it's you're
watching I'll and around the top make
that board
well single file but you were just
starting to mix it up what were you
finding as far as Dyson with the other
car to the lead so we could all run at
the top single file that's all we're
trying to do I don't think it's where it
needs to be right now there's obviously
probably another way to get the package
to do better it's not necessarily the co
G is just the correlation of the Wicker
the plate probably just getting a right
combination and you know this is this
they didn't have any IRA prior I do you
have how this is gonna go so you know we
got to take it easy on NASCAR can't be
hard on them but it was really really
boring riding up there first second
fourth whatever he just had nothing
going on you know and just me sitting
here doing nothing for no reason just
it's making sense to me but I liked it
when we were battling racing that's why
kept trying to go Bob to get it from